# Final Project
Class: CS 373 - Digital Logic Design
Instructor: Kent Jones
Wes Ostlund, James Lee, Salim Dhahri
Music Jukebox/Gizmo

## Overview
Our goal was to connect the BASYS 3 board to a speaker via a pmod I2S audio module to play sounds/music notes. 
We would generate square wave frequencies from the board using clock signals, and send an initial tone to the board. Once our initial sound was playing, the user would be able to modify the generated frequency and thus the output tone by toggling the switches of the board. 

### How to use
To use, make sure the I2S module is connected to the board and then to the desired speaker via audio jack. Once things are correctly connected, simply run gen.sh. Once the board has been programmed, you are ready to play around with the switches and make noise to your heart's desire. The central pushbutton can be used to reset the tone to the default. 

### Assumptions
We assume the user has access to and can correctly connect the hardware modules (board, pmod, audio jack connector, speaker), and has access to a terminal where they can run the gen.sh script.

### Hardware diagram generated by Vivado
see repo for .png of hardware diagram.


### Works Cited

https://forum.digikey.com/t/i2s-transceiver-vhdl/12845 - Found with Kent's help, where we got much of the tranceiver module code that we attempted to modify for our purposes. 

https://forum.digikey.com/t/i2s-pmod-quick-start-vhdl/13065 - Also found with Kent's help, pmod quick start manual with top level playback file which we also integrated into our final top level file. (note this was the pmod with two jacks, which was similar enough to work from but not identical to the I2S we used)



